This letter that was said I'm one of hummable you this year you are going to explain those notes and
those topics.
So first of all you want to be able to work with Ross view the first to run cross-court as the media.
So now it is around that you can see in this.
Know now.
So after the first story.
So I have to explain what is wrong score and why it is important.
OK so we can see not the least parthenos of stuff as you know at least
so often awful of.
Not only are not addressed at least not only two topics.
So now I'm going to create an application OK and an application.
We use the common restaurant meals on a roast note.
So then have to specify the name of the package because every good will must be contained inside the
package.
So our pack is now going to tell the sea.
So that tells you this is a simulation of a turtle or what not out of the robot smarter than that we
can run.
And then I would like to you the application so I can place two times that the donkey.
And then we find all the available applications that they can case will have those where mimic the DVR.
I'm going first to start with that and see note turtled.
So you know OK.
Yes.
And then when you see him not face it's small I'm glad he can do that and face with a small turtle here.
OK so now first of all let's jack Oswald.
K.
So we had only crossed out in the beginning and then when we opened the new Not in front of it we have
to put the same note.
OK so we have to see.
You know I have often gone to the scene.
I can also see a list of topics I can make a list or pick these and you can see that I have three additional
topic 31 C and the this is the name of the big color sensor and those have the additional topics when
they come they come from these you know that they have lost.
OK this is.
So we got more information about a particular note or an hour or so topic.
So we can have no effect.
I would like to know more about the turtle.
SEE YOU.
OK so here I have all the information above and see no
zeros not info.
This is a no.
Is see he publishes one topic with Easterton Juan-Carlos answer which you can find in the list of topics.
That's right.
One other topic that you see in the U.S. is called my city.
It means the command button.
So it's just comment and we will see how we can dodge and we can publish speed combat music.
Another note that we opened just a few minutes later.
OK these are all this emphasis.
So there are no topics that Towson University.
I'm going to discuss and his future tutorials.
OK.
And some more information about all of this of information related to that scene note.
We will go ahead.
No.
You will see it and they can have all the information about the No.
This is the published topic so it publishes consensus and publishes oppose both.
This is the position the position of the doctor is X Y and data.
Same thing here.
We can also look into the information off topic so I can make cross topic peaceful and good about the
columbianus.
OK.
So Kurt.
So this says that the type of the message is geometry and as slushes.
So this message is the message that is responsible for moving different robots and we will see what
what is the content of the message.
It contains basically more information than the original seeking and
it's all this is the content of the message and this topic has only one subscriber that you start to
see and this is exactly what you mean by Krasnow information.
So Gosset interactive seeing how it is subscribed to and you find people that will see that this is
the subscribed note or subscriber.
OK so if I want to see the content of this message right.
So there is also a common that is called Ross and s g.
Okay.
And Z for Russ messages.
And they call me show them the message that they would like to show.
So I hear you.
And as we say well this is the content of human the magistrates.
Its it contains information permission as I said there is video of I see you x y z according to excoriate
y coordinate and Z correctly and the angular velocity according to exploding what gardenin and decoding
of course farther into the motion of space like this one we only use x y for me a little city and Z
for angular velocity because we have the z axis on the top.
OK.
Coming outside from the start.
And once the orientation of the.
OK so this is all we can see the content of a message and show me the images.
So we come back to us because these are the least of the things they can do the same for the post office
topic before slush.
And those Ok so I can see that type here is a total impose.
This is the type of the message gave me because
as you know in Russia you have several nodes and these notes they communicate with each other and when
they communicate they must exchange messages.
So for example one node would like to subscribe to Lubos OK.
So the balls would be sent a message of typed up to see both and you can see we have the publisher of
the post that is there to see if this confirms what we have here.
OK so publication does not talk to the publishers but at one post
will get.
So I split the scene but I can also see the content of the message.
And as he show that as in
was
OK so good as you both as you can guess is you find that important parameters excluding what you need
and that is the orientation because we are in two dimensional space.
We have X we have y.
And the only addition of that over and here you have the linear city on the angular velocity that is
calculated a certain of.
So these are the contents of the message or the Pope's.
OK so now I would like to start the.
So we actually do publish need to publish calendars.
The message get published is going to get the message I'm following so I gave it up and you often you
know
so I'm going to kind of you know it's it's not just it's turtle.
So these are Denisof available notes.
So we have lost turtles you know.
Now we are going to start to see Yochi.
So it means we can do daily operations using Akiba.
It's funny a note really comes through us that allows you to send your comments to one.
So I'm going to start this note.
So this is our year.
Now if I may give us the big news we don't have any new topic of me because it's not just a slogan.
Ms.
We have hope.
So why that is not topic because of Title it is it actually uses the same tactile one common velocity.
So now if for example I make cross topic infl C and even BEGIN to do one
sitting on the moon because you know not only a subscriber but you have also a publisher.
So the publisher is this not the one that they have already lost.
Game and is going to go until they only Erse Noland you that divvy up
your
game so we can see that it publishes less.
So not to move.
So this obligation is waiting for all those to be placed on the keyboard so that Lyttleton moves so
well at least here not in the book.
So a velocity comment would be said.
Now I'm really depressed.
Passing so you can see while I am pressing the robot is now moving.
So what does this need
if you want to observe what is happening.
We can see the content of the message.
You can see the values of the message we get using Roessler be able.
So we love it cool enough to show everybody off particular message on a particular topic.
So now you start to see them going to go for now.
There is nothing.
But now I'm pressing one key that is straightforward so we can see what it is.
We have now.
And just for worki that is only velocity in the x axis We'll get to an angular velocity equal to zero
OK.
So I'm going to move again for
why when when when I press forward on university zero and that is a very natural ok because I didn't
make any.
Now I'm going to move backward and look what happens if I move back.
Were there any lessons it becomes negative.
And this is resuming.
OK.
Look this is backwards again.
Steady angular velocity is zero because there is no.
Now I'm going to turn and you can accept OK I'm taking place.
So there is no linear velocity because there is no forward move.
And Anderson here is my mistake.
OK so if I did the right and would be too if I don't need to know I will get to the left.
And you can see it becomes the because if you make an addition in the right direction it's going to
be negative and even at that actions positive this is going to mean three groups of angle since OK you
can see that is never here.
There is no change in the White continent because the movement is actually occurring all in the x axis
for the exercise and it all the z axis OK for any rotation on the z axis.
OK so let me have a controversy to stop it going.
The current velocity.
I can now make an equal on both of the
gate I made
it.
So now we make a nickel on the balls of the rubber so we can see this is the current composite of the
OK.
Now I'm going to move over to the dark corner.
So you can see no cause of this.
This is x axis.
This is y axis.
OK so x not zero.
And why is that.
OK.
Let me go to the
go and see what is now go easy
and it becomes almost zero when I can't when it comes to that.
So this fight is zero.
So at this point the zero done is then zero and here is zero.
So this is the dream that these x y coordinate OK.
So if you want to make it under Disney you've got the
OK.
We'll go to samba.
And we can show the position of Robert why it is more.
And here we have ex-colonies work on it.
And you can see what the robot is not movie Zero and angular velocity is you so observe linear and angular
velocity is why I love this movie.
Chris G.G. got that in Mao or something.
The list becomes zero.
So now it's up.
It could be the both
OK.
So another way to move the robot also is to publish the values of the topic from the template.
So look at this on.
So here we use be pop.
But for publishing.
OK.
And then the name of the topic and then the type of the topic you have humidity and it's just that's
was never the use.
So look at the values I'm going to publish the ability to point to the that velocity is one point eight
you so you can see the other albums.
Why it is not 18 because it was linear and it seems like now for example if I put the zero point zero
for angular velocity it's going to move forward.
OK.
If I put this to some values you.
And you can that your velocity is going to stay in place by combining.
So if you want to have more information about that axiom you can go to the beach.
OK.
In addition there are more details about the different topics of this note and also you can look at
understanding topics you know we debate as well understanding topics.
So there is a complete tutorial on this.
So the last thing I would like to show is this comment from digraph digraph
here.
It shows all of the different notes.
So you chose that you have to know what I he know.
And this one is probably a message that the OP is publishing.
Mr. Curtis courtesy and this is a topic it's obviously topic to tendency and this topic is that in one
the OK we can expand to see all the notes and topics.
OK so these days.
Is there one moment you of the one so you can see the notes that are available in the US system it's
a good tool that can be useful for you in order to see all the available notes and Paramjit topics and
the relationship between those two topics.
Thank you for watching.
I'm sure in the next you'd like.